Update the file provider documentation (#4588)
containous/traefik: docs/content/providers/file.md

    
    [http]
      # Add the router
      [http.routers]
        [http.routers.router0]
          entrypoints = ["web"]
          middlewares = ["my-basic-auth"]
          service = "service-foo"
          rule = "Path(`foo`)"
    
        # Add the middleware
        [http.middlewares]    
          [http.middlewares.my-basic-auth.BasicAuth]
            users = ["test:$apr1$H6uskkkW$IgXLP6ewTrSuBkTrqE8wj/", 
                      "test2:$apr1$d9hr9HBB$4HxwgUir3HP4EsggP/QNo0"]
            usersFile = "etc/traefik/.htpasswd"
        
        # Add the service
        [http.services]
          [http.services.service-foo]
            [http.services.service-foo.LoadBalancer]
              method = "wrr"
              [[http.services.service-foo.LoadBalancer.Servers]]
                url = "http://foo/"
                weight = 30
              [[http.services.service-foo.LoadBalancer.Servers]]
                url = "http://bar/"
                weight = 70
    ```

## Provider Configuration Options

!!! tip "Browse the Reference"
    If you're in a hurry, maybe you'd rather go through the [File Reference](../reference/providers/file.md).

### filename (_Optional_)

> Defines the path of a dedicated configuration file to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the path of the configuration file.
```

```toml
[providers]
  [providers.file]
    filename = "rules.toml"
```

### directory (_Optional_)

> Defines the directory path of dedicated configuration files to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the directory that contains the configuration files.
```

```toml
[providers]
  [providers.file]
    directory = "/path/to/config"
```

### watch (_Optional_)

> Set the `watch` option to `true` to allow Traefik to watch file changes automatically.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `watch` option to `true` to allow Traefik to automatically watch for file changes.  
```

> It works both for the `filename` and `directory` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works with both the `filename` and the `directory` options.
```

```toml
[providers]
  [providers.file]
    filename = "rules.toml"
    watch = true
```

### TOML Templating

!!! warning

>     TOML templating can only be used **if rules are defined in one or more separate files**. Templating will not work in the Traefik configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TOML templating only works along with dedicated configuration files. Templating does not work in the Traefik main configuration file.
```
